# Game Price Bot

 Game price bot is web application that combine information from available stores about video games and allow user to see best price.
 Also inform user via email or messenger about any changes in information about interesting game.

Currently, support gamazey and cardmag stores

Currently, support only telegram messenger

🚨 Disclaimer 🚨

This project is created for educational and technology exploration purposes only. It is not intended for commercial use.

 * All data is collected from publicly available sources.
  * Links to the original stores are provided in the application.
  * No copyrighted content is stored or distributed by this application.

If you are the owner of any listed store and have concerns about data usage, please contact us, 
and we will take appropriate action.

# You can run the app using Docker or launch it directly in your development environment.

## Setup for development environment:

* PostgreSQL latest version
* Zookeeper 3.9.1 or higher
* Kafka 3.6.1 or higher
* Node 18.18.0
* JDK 17 or higher
* Apache Maven 3.9.0 or higher
* Gradle 8.0.2 or higher

## Step for running in development environment:

* Launch PostgreSQL server
* Start zookeeper 
* Start kafka 
* Start all needed services 

## Docker Setup:

### To run GPB in Docker after installing, create a ".env" file and use the following command in root of project:

```console
docker-compose up
```

### Environments in ".env" file (with defaults values for docker) :

PostgreSQL Configuration:
* POSTGRES_DB: The name of the database to be created in PostgreSQL.
  * Default: postgres
  * Set your custom database name here.

* POSTGRES_DB_USERNAME: The username to connect to the PostgreSQL database.
  * Default: postgres
  * Set your desired username here.

* POSTGRES_DB_PASSWORD: The password for the PostgreSQL user.
  * Set a strong password for your PostgreSQL user here.

* POSTGRES_DB_URL: The JDBC URL to connect to the PostgreSQL database.
  * Default: jdbc:postgresql://postgres:5432/postgres
  * You typically do not need to change this unless you are running PostgreSQL on a different host or port.

Kafka Configuration:
* KAFKA_SERVER_URL: The URL of the Kafka server for your backend to communicate with.
  * Default: kafka:9093
  * Set the correct Kafka server URL if it is different from the default.

* KAFKA_ADVERTISED_LISTENERS: Kafka advertised listeners for internal and external communication.
  * Default: INSIDE://kafka:9093,OUTSIDE://localhost:9092
  * Typically, leave this as is unless you have special networking requirements.

* KAFKA_LISTENER_SECURITY_PROTOCOL_MAP: Security protocol map for Kafka listeners.
  * Default: INSIDE:PLAINTEXT,OUTSIDE:PLAINTEXT
  * Leave this as is unless you are using secure connections.

* KAFKA_LISTENERS: The actual listeners for Kafka.
  * Default: INSIDE://0.0.0.0:9093,OUTSIDE://0.0.0.0:9092
  * Do not modify unless you have a custom network configuration.

* KAFKA_INTER_BROKER_LISTENER_NAME: Defines the listener name for inter-broker communication.
  * Default: INSIDE
  * Leave as is unless you are changing listener configurations.

* KAFKA_ZOOKEEPER_CONNECT: The Zookeeper server to connect to for Kafka coordination.
  * Default: zookeeper:2181
  * Change this if you have a different Zookeeper URL or port.

Other Configuration:

* GAMES_IMAGE_FOLDER: The folder path for storing game-related images.
  * Default: /image_folder
  * Set your desired folder path here.

* FRONT_SERVICE_URL: The URL for the frontend service.
  * Default: http://localhost:3000
  * Adjust this if your frontend service is running on a different host or port.

* GAME_SERVICE_URL: The URL for the game service.
  * Default: http://game:8081
  * Modify this URL if your game service runs on a different address or port.

* API_KEY: The API key used for service authorization between each other.
  * Default: 
  * Set your unique API key here.

Admin Configuration:
* ADMIN_EMAIL: The email address for the admin user.
  * Set a valid email address for the admin user here.

* ADMIN_PASSWORD: The password for the admin user.
  * Set a password for the admin user here.

Mail Service Configuration:
* MAIL_USERNAME: The username for sending emails (e.g., Gmail address).
  * Enter the email address you will use to send notifications to users.

* MAIL_PASSWORD: The app password for the email account used for sending emails.
  * Set the correct password for the email account here.

Telegram Bot Configuration:
* TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN: The token for your Telegram bot, generated by BotFather.
  * Obtain a Telegram Bot token from BotFather and set it here or get from owner.

Token key Configuration:
* TOKEN_SECRET_KEY: Secret key for authentication token generation.

* REFRESH_TOKEN_SECRET_KEY: Secret key for refresh token generation.

Dependency Configuration:
* DEPENDENCY_REPO_URL: The folder path for storing game-related images.
  * Default: https://maven.pkg.github.com/IllusiveMan2186/GPB-common
  * Set url to dependency repository with common dependency

* DEPENDENCY_REPO_USERNAME: The URL for the frontend service.
  * Default: Your github username
  * Set username to account for reading dependency repository

* DEPENDENCY_REPO_PASSWORD: The URL for the game service.
  * Default: Your github personal access tokens
  * Set password to account for reading dependency repository

You also could stop some docker parts and run part on yours development environment

-------------------------------------

## License
This project is licensed under the **MIT License (Modified for Non-Commercial Use)**.  
You are free to use, modify, and distribute the software **for non-commercial purposes only**.  
**Commercial use is strictly prohibited.**
