# Telegram part

Part of GPB application that responsible for interaction with telegram

### Setup for development environment:

* PostgreSQL latest version
* Kafka 3.6.1 or higher
* JDK 17 or higher
* Apache Maven 3.9.0 or higher

## Step for running in development environment:

* Launch Kafka server message broker
* Launch PostgreSQL server
* Setup dependency repository for common service
    * Set System environments "DEPENDENCY_REPO_URL"
    * Default : https://maven.pkg.github.com/IllusiveMan2186/GPB-common
    * Copy setting.xml to directory %LocalUser%/.m2
    * Replace placeholders in setting.xml with your credential
    * Default : github username and token for default
    * If you decide publish common service yourself then credential to this repository
* Run

  ```
  mvn clean package
  ```
    * If repository not found even if env are set then add "-DDEPENDENCY_REPO_URL=needed_url" to run command for first
      time

* Run service

### Environments

Add Environment variables for running project locally

* BOT_TOKEN: The token for your Telegram bot, generated by BotFather.
    * Obtain a Telegram Bot token from BotFather and set it here or get from owner.


* GAMES_IMAGE_FOLDER: The folder path for storing game-related images.
    * Set your desired folder path here.


* KAFKA_SERVER_URL: The URL of the Kafka server for your backend to communicate with.
    * Set the correct Kafka server URL if it is different from the default.


* POSTGRES_URL: The JDBC URL to connect to the PostgreSQL database.
    * You typically do not need to change this unless you are running PostgreSQL on a different host or port.


* POSTGRES_USER: The username to connect to the PostgreSQL database.
    * Set your desired username here.


* POSTGRES_PASSWORD: The password for the PostgreSQL user.
    * Set a strong password for your PostgreSQL user here.


* GAME_SERVICE_URL: The URL for the game service.
    * Modify this URL if your game service runs on a different address or port.


* API_KEY: The API key used for service authorization between each other.
    * Set your unique API key here.